Update dataset card creation (#5470)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/upload_dataset.mdx

    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/datasets/dataset_card.png"/>
</div>

2. At the top, you'll see the **Metadata UI** with several fields to select from like license, language, and task categories. These are the most important tags for helping users discover your dataset on the Hub. When you select an option from each field, they'll be automatically added to the top of the dataset card.

>     You can also use the [Dataset Tagger](https://huggingface.co/spaces/huggingface/datasets-tagging), which has more comprehensive (but not required) tag options like `annotations_creators`, to help you generate the appropriate tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also look at the [Dataset Card specifications](https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/datasetcard.md?plain=1), which has more comprehensive (but not required) tag options like `annotations_creators`, to help you generate the appropriate tags.
```
